Hey, I'm Sholto.
I'm an engineer and researcher here
at Anthropic.
Claude Opus 4.5 is our best model yet.
It's the best in the world
at coding,
agentic tasks and everyday
work like spreadsheets.
But what's harder to show
is how it just gets it.
I trust this model more.
My time between interventions
keeps getting longer,
and I keep seeing colleagues
say it solved a bug that Sonnet
never could have found.
The model is also more efficient
because it knows when
to think before acting,
so that it makes the right change.
We’ve got this take home.
It's a two hour
intensive engineering task.
And in that time, the model scored higher
than any human ever has.
It’s also much better at front end.
It's way better at vision, and that
makes it a lot better at using computers.
Opus 4.5 is available today.
For the first time,
it's on every major cloud platform.
Let us know what you think.